https://codepen.io/rmurdoc90/pen/oNgMWrb?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Using HTML to make a page understandable to humans and machines
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	To give a prage structure
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	they help target certain areas of the HTML
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	h1 tag is used for the header. It could be used as many times as one wants but its prob best to use only a few times
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	href , src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	Document info(HTML5)
    7. What is an id? 
	a wasy to target certain HTML pieces
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	styling
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	as many times as you want, provided you want the same styling to be applied to all with that id
    10. What is a class? 
	 selector to add styling
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	h1-h6 , <p> <hr> <a> img 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	as many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	anchoring a website to the link.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	when an element cant be rendered the alt is applied 
    15. How do I reference an id?
	add 'id="#"' to elements
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	sections are smaller groupings of related material. divisons are larger breaks between blocks of information that arent related
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	styling of HTML
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	Adding "h2{}" in css 
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	an id is for one element , class is for multiple. id is great for a header and class might be used for body paragraph structure.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	."class"{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	p human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	parent child selectors are elements withing elements. Being able to very specifically target elements that are nested in other elements without having to add classes or ids
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div.sidebar {}	
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	styling use durring a special state. like hovering a button
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform:uppercase, capatlize , lowercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	use body{} in css
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	///* "comments" *///
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	look at the command prompt, it should tell you where you are
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	rm  , there is no safety check when you remove a file
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	it allows for work to be done with a single project for many people.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	every 30-60 mins
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push -u "name"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
